Outrage Over Slain Aid Workers Deepens Democratic Resistance to Israel Aid

There is bipartisan support for arming Israel in Congress, but concerns among Democrats could further bog down an aid package that also includes Ukraine.

4 MIN READ

A string of errors led to to the fatal attack on the aid convoy that killed seven workers, according to Israel.

6 MIN READ



LIVE

April 5, 2024, 2:16 p.m. ET4m ago
4M AGO
Israel Disciplines Officers Over World Central Kitchen Strike

Two officers were removed from their posts and three commanders were reprimanded after drone strikes that killed seven aid workers, the Israel military said.

See more updates 9+




LIVE

April 5, 2024, 2:18 p.m. ET2m ago
2M AGO
Earthquake Rattles Northeast, but Little Damage Is Reported

Mayor Eric Adams said “New Yorkers should go about their normal day.” The earthquake’s epicenter was in Lebanon, N.J.

See more updates 9+

Here’s what to know about earthquakes.

3 MIN READ





U.S. Employers Added 303,000 Jobs in 39th Straight Month of Growth

The March data increased confidence among economists and investors that robust hiring and rising wages can continue to coexist while inflation eases.

5 MIN READ

Janet Yellen, the U.S. treasury secretary, faces a diplomatic test in urging China to curb its green energy exports.

6 MIN READ




Some Colleges Will Soon Charge $100,000 a Year. How Did This Happen?

A first-year Vanderbilt student could have $100,000 in total expenses for the 2024-25 school year. The university doesn’t want to talk about it.

6 MIN READ


The Great Read
Larry David’s Rule Book for How (Not) to Live in Society

He’s a wild, monomaniacal jerk. He’s also our greatest interpreter of American manners since Emily Post.

16 MIN READ






Showdown Over Judicial Nominee Is New Obstacle for Biden Administration

Adeel Mangi would be the first Muslim to be a federal appeals court judge, but he has faced attacks from the G.O.P.

4 MIN READ

Conservative politicians are encouraging judges to reject a policy that aims to prevent “judge-shopping.”

5 MIN READ